[Music]
hi uh
if you're new here my name is elizabeth
i'm a medical student and an artist
living in london and since i've seen
these what's in my bag
videos going around since the beginning
of time i thought it would be
absolutely riveting and unoriginal if i
made one
of my own i'm actually quite curious to
see if these contents will change at any
point in the future i'm quite excited
for this video
and let's get straight into it first of
all i will start with
the bag herself um she is three years
old now
i bought this in the beginning of
medical school
and honestly it feels and looks almost
brand new
the bag itself is from the mon purse
company um admittedly it
is quite overpriced i think i paid 350
pounds
for this bag and it was at maybe a 30
discount at selfridges so it was quite
expensive but because i only do have
one single bag i thought the splurge
would be worth it if the quality was
good
and that has definitely proven to be the
case i
have worn this absolutely everywhere
when i travel um it's my overnight bag
it's my university bag it's my going out
bag i just use it all day every day so i
definitely already got the money's worth
out of it
one thing however that i will point out
that i do regret is that the salesperson
offered to
personalize it and because i get quite
flustered in this situation
i said yes of course and gave her my
initials so it does have my initials ef
on it but i find this to be extremely
extremely cringe
so when i hold the bag i always hold the
initials towards my body
and just have the pain thing on the
other side
it just makes me feel a lot more
comfortable i just like it when things
are super super plain and simple so this
is my favorite side of the bag and the
one that most people will get to see
so the first and the bulkiest item in my
bag is my macbook
um shout out to ali for getting me a new
one actually because i only realized
when i got the m1 chip
that i had basically been living as
though i was
inside an airplane for absolutely years
this old macbook which is actually the
one in here the
loudon i put this label on it so i can
distinguish it from my other one
is so so loud especially when editing
videos
with my new computer i can now rather
hear the conversations of my neighbors
but things are mostly peaceful and quiet
so i keep the old one with me in
hospital for example if i know that i am
leaving my bag in risky places
and would rather not have the new one
stolen the next thing in my bag
is my stethoscope because of course how
would anyone know that i
am a medical student otherwise the color
is obviously
black it does actually however have um
silver details because
that way it is more visible on me as i'm
usually wearing black when i'm in the
hospital so it's just a simple litman
stethoscope
it unfortunately only has one bell which
is quite annoying
when i need to use the smaller bell side
so that doesn't exist on the stethoscope
it's just the single one but
the cool thing about it is that we do
get them engraved so this one has
my full name actually on it which is
very very cool
the next thing in my bag is this little
purse which actually came with the bag
itself
and this is where i carry my various
bits and bobs
so inside of it this is perhaps the most
interesting things in my bag
firstly we have a face mask i'm not
going to go into that because i don't
want to cry right now
the next thing in here is my very
extensive carry-on makeup collection
which consists of a single lipstick i
only buy one lipstick at a time and then
i replace them i'm currently wearing the
dior addict
lip tattoo which is really cool because
i only need to apply it once a day
and it stays for the whole day so i love
that next we have eye drops mostly for
when i travel so if i'm on a plane my
eyes tend to get very very dry
and this just always stays in my bag
next i have oh
i have my mental health first aid action
plan i'm a certified
mental health first aider so this helps
in case i need to contact someone or
forget things and
kind of has an action plan of what to do
it's actually very cool the next thing
in here are tea bags
this is because i don't drink coffee and
i really really
love my teas and back when we used to
socialize with people
i might be in situations wherein tea is
not an option but hot water almost
always is so if i'm over at a friend's
house i might just politely ask them for
some hot water if they're not a tea
person
and i can always fix myself my own tea
these
must have been in here for months
however so that's quite a sad reminder
next we have a single pen i do love the
muji ones so
again these don't really get used i
might use them once or twice a year
because i don't
really need to write anymore but if i'm
signing something perhaps
i will use this the next thing is my
drawing pencil again i only have one
it's the fabric castell in 0.5 these are
so
so good i've used the single one for the
last three years it's absolutely
brilliant i just refill it
and it's so so great and also my rubber
and these
i keep them in my bag i don't usually
need to use them but
knowing that they're in here means that
i don't lose them at any point which
is very helpful so yes that is
everything inside the pouch
the next thing is my king's lanyard i
actually got this replaced the other
week
i used to have my anatomical society
lanyard from when i put up a poster in a
conference last year and now i finally
have
my king's stage two year three lanyard
and my classical hospital
badge hello my name is elizabeth
phillips which is quite cute because
they have the little smiles on them also
the card itself
which has well a terrible photograph of
me on it and
my two vaccinations for my flu jab and
my kobe
jab as well as my covered card so this
is what i'll take with me in
hospital next i always have a book in my
bag this is actually a habit from when i
used to commute to work
in the last two years even when i do
need to commute to hospital
i just really like to look outside the
window because i feel as though i miss
looking at the world but sometimes i
might still
flip through a book i love these little
penguin books because they're so
so tiny and light and so easy to just
stuff in your bag at any point the one
i'm reading at the moment is why i am so
clever by frederic nietzsche
oh i think that's how you pronounce it i
think i've actually yes i have actually
finished it
it is such a great book i as always make
notes
inside of it i find philosophy books are
the best to read on the go
and the reason for this is that i can
read even a small paragraph and then i
can take
half an hour just looking outside of the
window for the rest of commute to just
think about what i read
so i don't need to be glued on the page
all the time and also if i'm getting
somewhere
wherein i'm slightly bored i used to do
this at work
when i was in selfridges but if i'm just
standing about with nothing to do
i find it quite nice to just think about
the things that i've been prompted
in the book that i was reading on the
way there i would definitely recommend
doing this the next thing is my wallet
purse thing nothing special about
it it just has a bunch of cards um like
my bank cards
and my laundry card nothing too special
oh my i actually have a fiber in here
that's so cute so yes that is my wallet
i've had it for absolute years again
it's my only wallet but i
feel as though i do want to replace it
with just a card holder because i think
that would be a lot
more compact this one is an old product
wallet
and lastly we have nutrition i do love
to have snacks and water in my bag at
all times i
absolutely love love love this water
bottle it's a chilly one
um the reason for that is i love really
really cold water
and this keeps it nice and cold for the
longest time the only qualm that i have
with it
is that even though it's quite bulky it
doesn't really fit a lot
is this 0.5 yes it's 500 milliliters but
it doesn't feel like much so i can go
through a lot of these in a day
and unfortunately only the first one
will be ice cold and the rest will just
be filled in from taps
so yes i still do absolutely love it
though and
of course it is black i usually do have
an apple or a mandarin in my bag
but i've eaten my last one yesterday so
i don't have one
to show you right now but they are
usually in there the last thing in here
are my apple air pods i just upgraded
to the pro ones recently and they're so
much better with the noise cancelling
they serve the function of signaling
that i do not want to be disturbed and
occasionally they do
provide music and various other things
also they are engraved which i went
through in this case because it serves a
function
in that i won't mix them up with other
people hopefully so yes that was
everything inside my bag
the last thing in here is one of these
felt organizers
that has a lot of pockets so i slide my
phone and airpods and book
and cards and everything in the side i
don't know why i only got this
a few months ago because it's been
absolutely life changing
10 out of 10 would recommend they're
super cheap on amazon and
make a huge change to a bucket bag like
this
so yes that was absolutely everything
inside my bag if you made it so far
as always thank you so much for spending
this time with me i hope you have a
wonderful rest of your day
be kind to yourself and others and don't
believe everything you think thanks
bye